 **DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE**
This file creates a database with collections and documents. There are errors that need to be corrected
using MongoDB Shell. Enter the code below into your mongo shell so it creates the database. Then 
follow the "Objectives" below to correct the mistakes. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  const ironman = db.collection('ironman');
  const spiderman = db.collection("spiderman");
  const thor = db.collection("thor");
  const guardians = db.collection("guardians");
  
  
  try {
   await  ironman.insertMany([
        {"name":"Iron Man","role":"Billionare Inventor","best_character":false,"first_appearance":"Iron Man"},
        {"name":"Happy Hogan","role":"Head of Security","best_character":false,"first_appearance":"Iron Man"},
        {"name":"Pepper Potts","role":"CEO of Stark Industries","best_character":false,"first_appearance":"Iron Man"},
        {"name":"J.A.R.V.I.S.","role":"Tony Starks Right Hand Man","best_character":false, "first_appearance":"Iron Man"}])
        
        
    await spiderman.insertMany([
        {"first_name":"Peter","last_name":"Parker","height_cm":177},
        {"first_name":"Mary","last_name":"Watson","height_cm":"4ft"},
        {"first_name":"Aunt","last_name":"May","height_cm":182}])
        
        
    await thor.insertMany([
        {"name":"Thor","quote":"She didn’t dump me, you know, I dumped her. It was a mutual dumping."},
        {"name":"Jane", "quote":"Thor was here and he just left again. No message, nothing. Not a word."},
        {"name":"Loki","quote":"I assure you, brother, the sun will shine on us again."},
        {"name":"Sif", "quote":"We must go. We must find Thor"},
        {"name":"Odin", "quote": " Whosoever holds this hammer, if he be worthy, shall possess the power of Thor."},
        {"name":"Heimdall", "quote": "Be warned, I shall uphold my sacred oath to protect this realm as its gatekeeper."},
        {"name":"Darcy Lewis","quote":"I am not getting stabbed in the name of science."}
        ])

        await guardians.insertMany([
            {"name":"Star-Lord","Breed":"Human/God"},
            {"name":"Drax", "Breed":"Human Mutate"},
            {"name":"Gamora","Breed":"Zen-Whoberis"},
            {"name":"Nebula", "Breed":"Luphomoid"},
            {"name":"Rocket", "Breed": "Racoon"},
            {"name":"Groot", "Breed": "Tree"},
            {"name":"Yondu","Breed":"Centaurian"}
            ])

            ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Objectives

- Find all characters in the ironman collection
- Find all the characters with the name "Happy Hogan"
- Delete the duplicates
- Delete all characters that don't belong in the ironman collection,
- Update Pepper Pott's role to "CEO of Stark Industries",
- Find all the characters in spiderman collection.
- Update Mary's height to "4ft" string to 121 number in simpsons collection
- Delete character from spiderman collection that does not belong. 

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
- Delete thor collection
- Delete characters database. (All data will be lost when completed)